what up YouTube Asian persuasion here
here with the battle pack 2 opening
except these are the seal play battle
kits so you get the ready to play so you
buy these get the packs and an exclusive
mat and I got one of each so I got
Slifer and I got obelisk and he got the
winged dragon of raw but this video is
just be the first one I'm just gonna do
the Slifer one and then I want you guys
to thumb up the video if you guys want
to see the other mats so yeah those will
be uploaded next day so let's check out
the packaging so that's basically how
you guys do you open all ten year packs
to build a deck and then you guys play
and there's each of every mat and this
is I found this at Walmart for I believe
20 bucks so yeah there you guys go you
guys want these they're 20 bucks and
then you guys can play see what it
purses your friends alright let's see if
I can get some good cards okay so you
yank this out let's look at the map
first it's just like the first battle
kit play mat I believe it was just like
a rubber mini Japan mat so there you
guys go get that picture that looks
pretty hot though I like this they put a
Slifer rubber mat about each got card
let's put this down here so you guys
keep looking at it and let's get in
there on the packs if I can pull these
all out first if I can oh wow
you think they're really glued in there
yes they glue these things in so that's
pretty annoying and then you stick
packaging packaging out of here
I'm gonna open this first one is an
obvious one
I like how they packaged it so you got
all this a Slifer let's rock ra's over
it there's all the packs they're three
different arts so the obvious one okay
hoping to get a breakthrough skill
megalo or something like that rocket
whoa mosaic red I don't know if he
doesn't see it but it's kind of make
little squares I'm not sure if my
cameras picking that up
what's my rare Oh fiend megacyber is my
right sorry and as f Rose coming which
is a career gets a new star foil I guess
Wow frost a source in low sacred and
there's cyber valley rare so I'm pretty
sure ninety percent of this uh battle
pack is app but I'm just opening it for
you guys so you guys can see tune Jim
Ralph and mosaic rare and rare malicious
oh wow
photon thrasher common didn't know that
was in here pretty cool rare look at
this I'll put the easing comments right
here oh I hate this balut
even cursed armaments oh nice a mosaic
mere forbidden shouts and a rare golden
apples okay so that's pretty pretty good
shouts it's not horrible threatening
roar enter planetary purpley horny
dragon I gotta call horny dragon and was
a courier and a rare start agreed so
these are just like the regular battle
pack black rares except there's
different cards all right let's see if
we can get something good
strike slash Belial why they finally
your friend of that card I'll come and
exuse so we got the rare Belial a random
bad strike slash I know this for steel
played by just like opening these things
on YouTube three years
goblin elite attack force animals a
great cyber valley just one this doesn't
look like the greatest kick so there's
the only slight for one they had so had
to deal with this one Wow double
fighting spirit but one in a sane career
whatever they call it
Oh comment float on sanctuary that's
more packs left in this kit so if I use
this kit against somebody I don't know
vent that get my butt whoop
I got decent cards but not least birds
with my band cards zero gravity we're
reckless greed and the already reprinted
ham strat go that's an instant god card
come out it's pretty cool and sealed I'd
I'd be pretty sad to lose that and last
pack for the Slifer battle kick
is a little winGuard and it aren't
anti-pressure
all right so let me do a little faster
view I think would look at the map more
than anything my pecs weren't that great
this mat looks pretty amazing let me
know if you guys like it it is rubber
just like the first battlepack mat so if
you guys want to see the next ones of
obelisk of obelisk and winged dragon
draw remember to thumbs up and comment
and subscribe and they'll come up soon
thanks guys
take an easy piece